Take off and fly up 5 meters. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward, right, backward, and left in world axis.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward in the drone's body frame and turn right at each corner.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward, right, backward, and left in world axis. Make sure the drone is oriented to the flying direction.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward, right, backward, and left in world axis. Make sure the drone is oriented opposite to the flying direction.
Take off and fly up 5 meters, then turn to face west. Next, turn to face east. From your current position, fly in a square with 5-meter sides while continuously facing east. The movement pattern should follow this sequence: north, east, south, and west in the world axis.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. You will examine a square area. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward, right, backward, and left. To examine the square area, the drone should orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the square. 
Take off and fly up 5 meters. You will examine a square area. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward, right, backward, and left. To examine the square area, the drone should orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the square. Next, ascend another 5 meters and fly the square pattern in reverse order to examine the same area.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. Fly in a square with 5-meter sides. The movement pattern should follow this sequence: forward, right, backward, and left in world axis. Next, fly a second square that is symmetric with respect to the X-axis in the XY plane. To examine the two square areas, the drone should orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the squares. 
Take off and fly up 5 meters. Fly a figure of 8 on a flat, horizontal plane with each side of 5 meters. The left square is on your left-rear side, and the right square is on your right-front side. You should begin with the left square by flying left. The right square should start from moving forward. Make sure the drone is oriented in the flying direction for all squares.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. Fly a figure of 8 on a flat, horizontal plane with each side of 5 meters. The left square is on your left-rear side, and the right square is on your right-front side. You should begin with the left square by flying left. The right square should start from moving north. Additionally, for the left square, the drone is oriented in the flying direction; for the right square, the drone should examine area while flying the right square pattern. A good strategy for examining is the drone orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the right square.
Take off and climb up 5 m. Fly a 5 m square by moving forward, left, backward, and right. Then fly a 5 m square by moving forward, right, backward, and left.
Take off and climb up 5 m. Fly a 5 m square (forward/right/back/left). Then shift 5 m south, and fly the same square pattern again.
Take off and climb up 5 m. Fly a 5 m square (forward/right/back/left). And fly the same square pattern again. Make sure the drone is oriented to the flying direction in each square.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward, right, backward, and left in world axis. Then fly the same square pattern again. Make sure the drone is oriented opposite to the flying direction.
Take off and fly up 5 meters, then turn to face south. Next, turn to face east. From your current position, fly in a square with 5-meter sides while continuously facing east. The movement pattern should follow this sequence: north, east, south, and west in the world axis.
Take off and climb up 5 m. Fly a 5 m square (forward/right/back/left). Then shift 5 m north, and fly the same square pattern again. The drone will examine the second square area, where the drone should orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the second square.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. You will examine a square area. You should fly in a square pattern with 5-meter sides by moving forward, left, backward, and right. To examine the square area, the drone should orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the square.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. Fly in a square with 5-meter sides. The movement pattern should follow this sequence: forward, right, backward, and left in world axis. Then descend 5 meters. Next, fly a second square that is symmetric with respect to the north-south(X) axis. You will examine the two square areas, the drone should orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the squares. 
Take off and fly up 5 meters. Fly a figure of 8 on a flat, horizontal plane with each side of 5 meters. The first square of 8 is on your left-front side, and the right square is on your right-rear side. You should begin with the first square by flying left. The right square should start from moving south. Make sure the drone is oriented in the flying direction for all squares.
Take off and fly up 5 meters. Fly a figure of 8 on a flat, horizontal plane with each side of 5 meters. The first square of 8 is on your left-front side, and the right square is on your right-rear side. You should begin with the first square by flying left. The right square should start from moving south. Additionally, for the left square, the drone is oriented in the flying direction; for the right square, the drone should examine area while flying the right square pattern. A good strategy for examining the in ward square area is the drone orientate perpendicular to the moving direction on each side of the right square.